feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657ed53c19461d4b95c4757a.md

---
id: 657ed53c19461d4b95c4757a
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> Now create a new list inside the function named `snake_cased_char_list`. You can use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` method to create the new list. This list will hold the characters after you have converted them to snake case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now create a new list named `snake_cased_char_list` inside the function. You can use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` function to create the new list. This list will hold the characters of the string after you have converted them to snake case.
```

# --hints--

> You should name the list `snake_cased_char_list`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should declare a variable named `snake_cased_char_list`.
```

```js
({
  test: () => {
    assert(__pyodide.runPython(`
      import inspect
      a = __locals.get('convert_to_snake_case')
      src = inspect.getsource(a)
      'snake_cased_char_list' in src
    `));
  }
})
```

> You should use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` function to create the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should assign an empty list to `snake_cased_char_list`. Use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` function for that.
```

---
id: 657ed53c19461d4b95c4757a
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

Now create a new list inside the function named `snake_cased_char_list`. You can use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` method to create the new list. This list will hold the characters after you have converted them to snake case.

# --hints--

You should name the list `snake_cased_char_list`.

```js
({
  test: () => {
    assert(__pyodide.runPython(`
      import inspect
      a = __locals.get('convert_to_snake_case')
      src = inspect.getsource(a)
      'snake_cased_char_list' in src
    `));
  }
})
```

You should use a set of empty square braces or the built-in `list()` function to create the list.

```js
({
  test: () => {
    assert(__pyodide.runPython(`
      import inspect
      a = __locals.get('convert_to_snake_case')
      src = inspect.getsource(a)
      'snake_cased_char_list = []' in src
      or
      'snake_cased_char_list = list()' in src
    `));
  }
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py

> def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
> --fcc-editable-region--
>     
> --fcc-editable-region--
>     pass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
    pass    
--fcc-editable-region--
```
Do not make the editable region too narrow. Also, ask/remember the user to use `pass` when required. It's fine if you do it in the hint
